README.md, before:

# Quick info for villager-defense-minigame
A Minecraft minigame where players fight as many rounds of monsters as possible to protect villagers.

Go to the [**repo**](https://github.com/Theguyhere0/villager-defense-minigame) for the source code.<br>
<!-- Go to the [**wiki**](https://github.com/Theguyhere0/compressed-cobblestone/wiki) for more information.<br>-->
Go to the [**SpigotMC**](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/villager-defense.90055/) page for the jar download.<br>
<!--Go to the [**demo video**](https://youtu.be/UI75ujSfUzc) for a detailed overview. -->

This Minecraft plugin was built from nostalgia for the old Minecade villager defense games.
Seeing as it won't come back, I decided to make my own version. I tried to keep some elements like the original, but with a modern twist.
The plugin was built with customization in mind, however, so that each server running this plugin can have its own unique features and takes.
Let me know what you think of it!

    Copyright (C) 2021 Theguyhere

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Addressing enhancements
- Updated readme to have wiki link
- Gems are now given on leave if the game hasn't already ended
- Scoreboard now displays kit selected
- Fixed bug where golems were not counted properly

README.md, after:

# Quick info for villager-defense-minigame
A Minecraft minigame where players fight as many rounds of monsters as possible to protect villagers.

Go to the [**repo**](https://github.com/Theguyhere0/villager-defense-minigame) for the source code.<br>
Go to the [**wiki**](https://github.com/Theguyhere0/villager-defense-minigame/wiki) for more information.<br>
Go to the [**SpigotMC**](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/villager-defense.90055/) page or check out the releases for this repository for the jar download.<br>
<!--Go to the [**demo video**](https://youtu.be/UI75ujSfUzc) for a detailed overview. -->

This Minecraft plugin was built from nostalgia for the old Minecade villager defense games.
Seeing as it won't come back, I decided to make my own version. I tried to keep some elements like the original, but with a modern twist.
The plugin was built with customization in mind, however, so that each server running this plugin can have its own unique features and takes.
Let me know what you think of it!

    Copyright (C) 2021 Theguyhere

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
